[SWOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> When most of us
hear the term medium,
we think of Ouija boards,
tarot cards, and crystal balls.
But there is more to
mediums than Hollywood
has led us to believe.
Mediums believe do not
speak with the dead,
as there is no such
thing as death.
There is only a transition
from the physical being
to the spiritual
being, and mediums
are sensitive and
intuitive enough
to hear, feel, and
see information
coming from the other side.
[SOFT MUSIC]
>> As I went through life
and made more mistakes,
I started getting the calling
where I started having
nightmares and experiences
with something pushing me down
and having sleep paralysis.
And that's when I
realized I was having
an awakening, which means to
awaken to who you really are.
And that was really
hard because I'd
become a horrible mess
due to my upbringing.
And so that awakening was
pretty harsh and severe,
but I didn't take it seriously.
So in 2005, I got ill.
I had trapped nerves,
and I just was
in a lot of pain for six months.
And they operated, and it
still didn't do anything.
So I started realizing
that there was
more to what was wrong with me.
And part of what was
wrong was that I was not
accessing my intuition.
I was not working on my gift,
which was to be a messenger
and to heal and to download
information and then
pass that on.
So I know that I can
connect to the other side
because my mom used to tell
stories about me speaking
to ghosts when I was young.
But very, very strong
empath is what's
more important, because
strong empaths are usually
psychics and mediums.
And it ended up where
I needed to embrace
all my myths and my
disasters for that intuition
to really start
kicking in so that I
could see everybody and
everything from the other side.
So I am known as
a psychic medium,
but those are the
tools that I use
to bring you closer to what's
really important in life.
Consciousness, your inner
self, being connected
to something more profound.
If I look back on my family
to see who has the gifts,
I've got a grandmother that
I kind of grew up with,
a Portuguese lady.
And she's my spiritual guide.
She came to me
about 12 years ago,
and she helped me with healing
and anything to do with health.
So I think she must have
had the gift, because she's
the one that guides
me in that area.
Other than that, I do
not know of anybody
that has these abilities.
But having said that, I
also believe that we all
have these abilities.
We all have these gifts.
This is not something special
for me that I can act special.
The only difference is that
my trauma kept me connected,
but we can all connect
in the same way.
>> So I come from a very
big family of five siblings,
and my parents have been
privileged to have 16
grandchildren and 12
great-grandchildren of which
my mother has the privilege
of seeing growing up.
Poor dad passed away in 2013
after quite a long illness.
We miss you, Dad.
We miss you terribly.
And I hope you'll come through.
You're a fantastic
man, a loyal father,
an absolute rock of a man whose
only privilege in his life
was that he raised
six beautiful children
and all his grandchildren.
And he always used
to say to us, if you
want to know what
success means in life,
it means having your
children grow up healthy,
watching them grow
old, and making sure
that everybody is happy.
Through my journey in life,
I became a Reiki master,
and I've had the
absolute privilege
of treating and dealing
with so many people
who have reached
out to me for help
for all sorts of
different reasons.
Of course, what
we do when we work
with electromagnetic
fields and energy, chakras,
and when we work
with affirmations,
and when we do a lot of
different types of therapies
with people, so much comes out.
And the most
amazing thing is how
everything connects together.
And why?
Because right this
weekend I decided
to block my cottage and
suites so that I wouldn't
have any guests so
that I could help
some elderly people on Sunday.
And guess what?
Now I'm meant to be here
because I have the whole day
today to be able to experience
what I'm going to experience.
>> What I can really pick up is
that there's two major losses
that you've had.
And I feel like you're
buzzing with people around.
So let's get started.
All right.
So it's Ingrid.
What's your first--
your surname?
>> Fish.
>> F-I-S-H. Just like that.
>> F-I-S-H.
>> OK.
And your birthday?
>> 20th of May, 1960.
>> OK.
So let's have a look here.
Your life path
number is basically,
what is your soul's mission?
Who are you as a person?
What's your soul's character?
And what are you
supposed to be doing?
So that will then
tie in with, why
have you had such ups and downs?
Why has that happened?
Because it'll lead you to
what you're supposed to do,
so this is very important.
OK.
So this vibration,
the five, tells me
that this here, there's
been a lot of things
that have shifted for you.
A lot of things that have
changed, lots of ups and downs.
And if I'm feeling your energy,
it feels like enough energy,
like I've changed
something and it's enough.
I feel like there's a
person watching over you.
He's quite a big guy.
He's strong and he's from
a long time ago, he says.
Did you have an uncle or a close
friend of your dad that died
or something?
>> My uncle.
>> OK.
Because I feel like this--
let me just bring him in
because he's coming through.
He's telling me he's
connected very closely
to the masculine
that brought you up.
[SIGH] Men in your life--
you struggle with boundaries,
so the men in your life
have harmed you.
And I feel like he's been
the one that's been trying
to protect you during these--
I don't know if it's three
different situations.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> These three
different situations,
I feel like he's been the one
that's been there to protect
you and to guide you.
Next to him but not with
him is a feminine energy.
I'm picking up a
very lady vibration.
Was this your mom or something?
Because that-- or an auntie?
Because I feel like
you guys are very
similar in your vibrations.
>> Yeah, not my
mother or an aunt.
>> Was it a friend
of yours, or--
she says you talk to her a lot.
There's some shift
that you needed
to take this year,
a different turn,
and I feel like she's been
guiding you with that turn that
had to be now or never.
I feel a disconnect with a
parent when you were younger.
That was more-- it affected you
more than what you've made out.
[LAUGHS] Because
you're very good.
You've got survivor
energy, you know?
That one that, I can handle.
But I feel like
you actually don't.
You're sensitive.
You're very soft.
You're very vulnerable.
So there's this part
of you that's strong.
I'm not saying
you're not strong.
It's not real.
Actually, very soft inside.
You break easily.
You just wouldn't
tell from the outside.
>> And you'd be saying this
would only be in the last two
years?
>> No, I'm saying that in
the last two years she's been
helping you with a major shift.
Like in the last two years,
you've changed dramatically.
>> Wow.
>> And she's saying it's got a
lot to do with some disconnect
with a parent and some inner
workings that have gone
in in you.
Does that make sense?
>> That makes sense, yeah.
>> I also feel like you've
got talents that you are only
really starting
to understand now.
Healing abilities, intuition.
You're also a messenger, hey?
You've got, like--
only way to describe
it is when it comes out,
it sounds almost musical.
It just works and snaps things
into place energetically.
You know what I mean.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
[LAUGHS] I'm with you.
>> Yeah.
>> [LAUGHS]
>> This year, you are
supposed to be expanding,
so people are supposed to
be knowing who you are,
what you do, what you
expect expertise of.
But not what you're doing.
It's you.
You are the thing.
You are the one that
brings everything together.
You've got quite
an incredible mind
in terms of seeing things and
then just making it happen.
I don't know why, but
I'm getting a message
from that protector
to tell you to be
very picky about what
you do, because there's
a little bit of--
insecurity's not the
right word for you
because you have
a warrior energy.
It's like uncertainty.
Can I?
You must get rid of that
because you must go, go, go,
but you also have
to be very picky.
Don't settle for low
vibrational work.
>> OK.
>> I'm seeing this as the
start of something totally,
totally new for you.
I feel like the last
two years you've
had one issue after another.
Like, little things
happening within your life
and in your friends' lives
and your family's lives.
Like, stuff has been
happening around you.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
>> That has triggered
internal thinking,
internal work that has
changed you as a person.
Now I feel like whatever
you've been doing--
not your decision.
It's a calling.
There is more that
you need to be doing.
And that has now come up
now, now that there's more.
>> But I'm wanting
to slow down now.
>> Oh, wow.
>> [LAUGHS]
>> That's not possible.
What you can maybe
do is pull back.
>> That's what I'm doing.
>> Yeah.
But you're too important.
I feel like all these things
that you've been going through
are leading you to
this new decision
that you can't close the door.
I'm sorry.
Look, I mean, it's
entirely your decision,
but I just feel like
you'll be blocked
and you might even get
more ill because it's
going against who you are.
You're a sharer, a
traveler, an adventurer.
You're very sensual.
You connect very,
very deeply to people.
Highly, highly sensitive.
Gypsy energy.
You can detach very
easily and you can just
move to the next place.
Beautiful.
I feel like I'm being
told to tell you,
I know you're exhausted.
>> Mm.
>> That's what the guides say.
I know you're exhausted.
You're finished.
Don't want to do this anymore.
Because I'm being told to tell
you to remember who you are.
>> It doesn't surprise me that
you are saying this to me.
>> It's almost like you
know that image where
somebody's feet
are being dragged,
and you're locked like this and
for some reason it's that way.
That's what's happening.
But I just feel like you're
hitting your peak now.
Everything that's happened
to you, if you really look,
this is now your friend.
If you really look
carefully, every single thing
that's happened in
the last two years
has brought you to this place.
But you see now, you said
you were going to do this.
When you came in, you said
You can't stop halfway.
That's the one message.
>> [LAUGHS]
>> And then the other one
is in terms of your health,
you can fix it.
The mind work-- you've done a
lot of mind-heart integration.
That's what I'm saying,
trying to integrate you
as a person with higher self.
You're trying to live
the two together.
Just feel like you also--
you're a teacher, so you have
to pass on your knowledge
and your information.
OK, you've got to
tell me what you do.
>> I'm a Reiki master.
>> Oh, wow!
That's amazing!
>> [LAUGHS] I mean, you go.
>> So powerful.
>> You were fiddling
around all the time,
but I'm a Reiki master.
I have been for many years.
Yeah.
>> That is amazing.
Because I'm looking
at your energy.
Then I'm seeing geometry
and shine and all this stuff
going on, but I'm seeing
it getting bigger.
And it's beautiful.
I would not stop that.
>> No, I shouldn't.
But you know, I've worked
with terminally ill patients
for many, many years,
so I think I've just
come to a point where I just
needed to sometimes just--
it's not finished.
It's not over.
And I certainly-- we
stand as a beacon.
And when people search me
out, they search me out,
I promise you.
[LAUGHS] They know
exactly where to find me.
>> Yes.
No, Reiki, you go
for the Reiki classes
and then you learn how it is.
But there's the
intuition that drives--
>> It's very strong in me.
Yeah.
>> Yeah.
Now that intuition
there, that's teachable.
>> I certainly--
I certainly could.
I've sort of coming
to a point that I
have done huge amounts of work.
And you know, I'm not so sure--
but that's maybe
me talking to me--
whether this is really
what I want to keep doing.
>> I honestly think you should
just leave here and go with
a different perspective.
>> Yeah, well, it's given
me something to think about.
And it's strange because in the
last two years, it's exactly--
the last two years that I've
totally toned it all down.
>> Oh, wow.
Yet in the background, you've
actually been preparing.
Maybe that bigger is
actually a bigger within you.
Does that make sense?
When you are-- remember
I said to you just now
you're the integration
of the higher self--
>> Yes.
Yes.
I might have a bit to support
between the higher self
and what's going on with me
physically at the moment.
There might be a bit
of discord there,
and that's certainly something
I've got to work on quickly.
>> And maybe that's what it is.
Maybe once that's-- maybe
that's what you're going to.
And once that hits,
it'll come to you,
whatever this expansion is.
>> Yes, because you're
talking about expansion,
and all I'm talking
about is going smaller.
[LAUGHS]
>> Yes.
Yes.
And physically if you want
to do that, that makes sense.
But maybe this is an
internal expansion then.
When you started pulling
away from the sessions,
did you find that you were
connecting more with you?
>> Yes.
You know, I've gone
through cycles in my life
where I've pulled away
purposely because you
can get very drained
from-- we get very
drained from the work we do.
And I've always
acknowledged that you first
work with yourself and you
work with the key aspects
of yourself, and then it--
but it's always worked
very naturally in my case.
It's never been a forced
situation or a planned
situation.
>> Do any of you
know an Ed or a Fred?
There's a very
strong energy here.
Does-- Ed?
Edward or Ed or Eddie
or Fred or Freddy?
>> My brother-in-law is Edward.
>> He's Edward?
>> Yeah.
[LAUGHS]
>> And he's still here, hey?
>> He's still in
this world, yes.
>> I'm getting a warning.
Yeah.
There's something building up.
This man's very, very stressed.
It feels like it's
from here to here.
I would recommend a checkup
or something because I just
feel like he can't see it.
I feel like high-end
job or very responsible.
Very masculine, strong energy.
>> Well, it's passed.
He's retired now.
>> Hey, have a look.
Maybe even the retirement
is what's affecting him.
But there's something going on.
Yeah.
And it's from here
to here, so it
might be heart or ulcers
or something like that.
And I'm scared it will rupture
because these things don't
come up for nothing.
>> I'll certainly
message him and just--
>> That doesn't feel light.
It was a heavy energy.
Just bear with me for a moment.
Does he struggle
with his emotions
or was he emotionally
disconnected from people?
Because I'm finding a
struggle with intimacy.
>> Yes.
>> [GROAN] Two sides
to this person.
I'm a bit confused about
it, so bear with me again.
Two sides.
Like, nice guy, approachable,
you can talk to him.
He seems like just the nice
guy in the room, you know?
I've got another side
which was quite moody
and aloof sometimes.
Disconnected.
But highly intelligent person.
Fabulous mind.
Not much information
about himself.
Like, he doesn't really know
his own stuff, or not deep,
but very knowledgeable.
>> Yeah.
>> I was a mess.
>> [LAUGHS]
>> That's what he's saying.
Always a mess.
>> [LAUGHS]
>> Oh, man.
I just feel like
a part of him was
broken from a young age, which
stopped that intimacy thing.
A lot of regret about that.
It's not just you
he harmed, he says.
But I just feel
like he's saying you
two have already fixed that.
So he doesn't have the anguish
he had before and the regret he
had before, but he needs
you to hear that he just
didn't know any better.
Take your hand,
because he's doing it.
He's asking me to tell
you, I can't change it.
I can't take it back.
You're not broken over it.
He's proud of you,
of what you've done.
And that's the
best thing that he
can say to you because the
sorry's passed already.
This is now, look at you.
Look at what you can do.
>> Yeah.
It's lovely.
It's dad.
[LAUGHS]
>> Sure.
>> We often sit and we're hoping
to get the messages that we
think we should get.
But again, we cannot--
we are not in any control
of the situation.
So it was lovely just to
hear a few people coming
through to me.
I would have liked a bit
more in-depth information,
but of course I've picked up
and I've gotten the information
that I needed to know.
So yeah, it was really great.
Everybody needs to spend
more time on themselves
and look into themselves and
get the healing for themselves
that they need.
And people like us, we are far
too busy with other people.
So it was good just to
have space for myself
and my loved ones
around me, and it
was really delightful to
hear from a few of them.
What I did was I connected with
her energy, with her spirit
so that I could tell
what kind of energy
she was, what type
of vibration she was.
So then when I do that, I can
connect and see who she really
is, what kind of life she has,
past, present, and future.
So I felt today
I did that really
nicely in terms of feeling how
amazing she is with her work.
If you're coming to see
me, you need to surrender.
You can't be a person
that's coming here
expecting to hear
a specific message,
because intuition is a
flowing process where
you get the
information as you need
it to connect the dots
for your specific healing.
So you need to surrender
to the process.
You don't always get
what you're coming for.
You might need to come for a
healing of physical ailments
and actually come for
healing of a childhood wound.
>> Mediums facilitate
connections between us
and the unseen past,
present, and future.
We may ask questions
and hold intentions,
but what we are reminded
of is that we are not
in control of the
information and messages
that chooses to come through
for us during these sessions.
We simply embrace
with humble gratitude
the input received
as we continue
on our own unique journeys.
[MUSIC PLAYING]